Did the woman hear?
Sugar Lord is on his way here now
It's useless for you to beg for mercy now
Li Lan, let's go with you
I heard that sugar hearts are ripe
Wait for him to come, but it's too late.
Chu Yang, don't worry.
I promise you.
Wait for the sugar to come
It's just them who are unlucky
He's about to die, and he's still talking about it here
Wait for Hall Master Bai to come
I see how you will die.
How dare you hit me!
A blind woman like you
Can enter the heart
I see the position of the hall master of White Hall
It's over the top.
Wait for Hall Master Bai to come
I asked you all to kneel down and kowtow to me one by one
serious
I tell you clearly
Or he can't protect you
Why don't you call all the four hall masters of hearts?
See if they dare to make me kneel and kowtow
You woman
Won't tell me again
You are the eldest sister
The hall masters of the four major halls of Red Star are all your dogs, right?
I've never had a dog by my side
Some are just murderous you
That's the difference between me and you.